[MUSIC]
There are four aspects to our framework.
Outcomes, decisions and actions,
insights, and discovery.
Beyond the emptied mind and
walk our way backwards to define
the problem and analysis to redact.
And each of the four aspects
we takes steps to ensure
time to value from data analytics.
During the discovery phase you
need to define the problem,
develop a hypothesis and
collect and explore data.
During insights,
you perform the data analysis.
Next comes actions where you link insights
to actionable recommendations and
an execution plan.
Finally, you review the outcomes that
have transformed the business or
business unit or the industry.
We start from business outcomes to define
the problem we are trying to solve.
We often look at the questions
that need to be answered or
the key issues that need to be addressed.
The metrics that need to be factored.
This allows us to not only
define the problem but
also state our hypothesis on how we
are going to impact the outcomes.
Once we determine the outcomes to be
achieved, we look at the decisions that
the executives need to make, or
the actions that employees need to take.
This allows us to identify the critical
dependent variables, decisions or
actions, or the output required to
make the right decisions and actions.
Based on the complexity of the problem and
the time available
we look at different techniques that
can be used to generate those insights.
This typically starts with first
understanding what has happened so
far, what the organization has done,
and how they can do it in the future,
in order for us to help influence
key decisions and actions.
Once we have the techniques that will
generate the insights, we can look for
the right data that is available.
The data could be internal or
external to the organization.
It can also be structured or unstructured.
Most offered the data available,
the time available to obtain the data but
influence the techniques that we could
potentially use for insight generation.
Well, this is an iterative process.
It is always better to start from the
outcomes and the hypothesis as opposed to
the available data to generate the best
value from data and analytics.
So let's recap the data
analytics framework.
During the discovery phase you define
the problem, develop a hypothesis, and
collect and explore data.
During insights you
perform the data analysis.
Actions is where you link insights
to actionable recommendations and
then execution plan.
Finally you review the outcomes of
long term objectives and solutions.
This framework allows us to move through
data analysis in an organized way and
provide us with the process to follow as
we work with clients to solve a problems.
In the next video, I'm going to talk about
the types of analysis you can perform and
show you the tools that you can use
within the data analytics framework.
[MUSIC]